[music playing]
Hi.
I'm Pink, and I'm
about to do the hottest
thing I've done all day--
[bell rings]
--and answer Ellen's
Burning Questions.
[bell ringing]
[music playing]
The habit you will never break.
Telling everyone how I
really feel about them.
[bell ringing]
Have you ever worn a
disguise in public?
Yes.
I once spent two hours
putting on a wig in New York.
And then I walked outside,
and the very first man I saw
said, "Nice wig, Pink."
I went back upstairs and took--
[bleep]
-- off, and I was
terribly embarrassed.
[bell ringing]
What Olympic sport do you
think you would be best at?
Hot dog eating, as long
as they were veggie dogs.
[bell ringing]
If you weren't a performer,
what would you be doing?
I would either be
living or working
at a mental institution.
[laughter]
[bell ringing]
If you had a perfume,
what would it be called?
Musk or The Everything Bagel.
[bell ringing]
Your superhero power
of choice would be.
To read people's minds,
because they're wussies,
and they never say what
they're really thinking.
[bell ringing]
The funniest fail
you've had on stage.
I once fell off a
stage into-- there
was a moat around the stage.
And a man had light-up
nipples, and I saw it,
and I got excited.
And I walked towards him, and
I went straight into the water.
[bell ringing]
Your guilty binge food.
Oh, God.
Everything.
Crumb donuts or anything with
cheese or carbs, like pasta.
I'm hungry.
[bell ringing]
Now, Ellen, I have
a question for you.
What's your least favorite
question to be asked?
And then I'll have a
question for you next time.
[bell ringing]
Bye.
I love you.
[music playing]